Proposed Fix: #17964 sprites don't show up on two sides of the view-clip selection (#18125)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#17980] Queue lines of track designs mess up existing queue lines if dragged through them.
- Fix: [#17959] Areas marked for dirty drawing are too large.
- Fix: [#17963] Some marketing campaigns can’t be started after Finances window tab has been on Research.

> - Fix: [#17964] Sprites don't show up on two sides of the view-clip selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#17964] Sprites don’t show up on two sides of the view-clip selection.
```

(Typewriter quotes are for code ;-) )
